hi guys what we're going to be cooking
today is a beautiful English classic
shepherd's pie
[Music]
okay ship it spy absolutely beautiful so
let's crack on with it and shepherd's
pie lamb cottage pie beef a lot of
people get mixed up but we're gonna use
lamb for shepherd's pie and beef the
cottage pie so we're going to be doing
some beautiful mins lamb
okay the first is chop your carrot - you
in Ian so some beautiful rosemary and
also some beautiful time wow that's
grown but also what's great and
shepherd's pie it's sweet so what I've
done I've diced them up and now we're
going to do we're going to lightly
blanch the Swede and definitely chip is
probably made of garlic we're gonna cook
this minced now I've got a hot pan and
the pans up to the pipe in a little bit
of olive oil and add the mince it
slightly break it over and all you want
to do is just leave it alone don't touch
it you want to get some caramelization
on that name so just leave it alone
that's what you want right there
beautiful caramelized take all your
mince out of the pan okay we've got some
rosemary and the best way have taken
everything off all in one swoop is just
get your thumb and then just push down
and also same for the time to just pull
down and now just finally shot your
rosemary we've got that beautiful one
goodness there so in the same pan add
your vegetables and some salt
Graham bought that but having you
rosemary in time and now give everything
a good stir and we want to try and get
some nice call on these vegetables so
cook for about 10 minutes
next I need to made a paste and cook for
about 2 minutes make that need some beer
in and cook out for about 2 minutes and
they'll at the end add in your garlic
mince back to the pan yeah give
everything a good stir
if the Shire sauce goes in there for
about two minutes the two minutes just
had a touch of flour just to give it
some body just cook the flour out for
about 2 to 3 minutes just to do that
green in a sale makes it have a little
bit of chicken stock
and look at that beauty that's why
Shepherd pie should look like so now
right at the end I'm just gonna add in
some peas it's on my Swede now just give
everything a good stir just look at that
so that's your base done smells
absolutely beautiful looks beautiful so
what I do I make my life a lot more
easier I put this in the fridge so when
it's time to put the mashed potatoes on
it won't go everywhere so put that in
the fridge
[Music]
okay these are being drained so now
we're gonna do you're gonna mash them
season with salt ground black pepper
two egg yolks and little just help the
potatoes set plenty of Parmesan cheese
still well it needs to be like that
[Music]
it's a little more Parmesan cheese on
top all sauce some chili cheese just a
touch of salt and ground black pepper
okay so now this is ready and let it
rest for about 15 minutes
[Music]
there you have it guys that's my
shepherd's pie
looks absolutely fantastic I'm gonna
tuck in and you can really taste that
parmesan
a bit mints one mmm it's beautiful guys
give it a go you'll love this one
thanks guys
[Music]
[Applause]